README.md, before:

# Linglong

Linglong is the container application toolkit of deepin.

Linglong is the abbreviation of Linglong Tower, which not only means that the container can control the application, but also shows the idea that the application/runtime/system is layered like a tower.

## Getting help

Any usage issues can ask for help via

- [Gitter](https://gitter.im/orgs/linuxdeepin/rooms)
- [IRC channel](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=deepin)
- [Forum](https://bbs.deepin.org)
- [Wiki](https://wiki.deepin.org/)

## Getting involved

We encourage you to report issues and contribute changes

- [Contribution guide for developers](https://github.com/linuxdeepin/developer-center/wiki/Contribution-Guidelines-for-Developers-en) (English)
- [Code Contribution Guidelines for Developers](https://github.com/linuxdeepin/developer-center/wiki/Contribution-Guidelines-for-Developers) (Chinese)

## License

This project is licensed under [LGPL-3.0-or-later](LICENSE).

## Credits and references

- [OStree](https://github.com/ostreedev/ostree)

Commit message:

chore: add cmake presets
* add CMakePresets.json
* update documentation for building linglong

Signed-off-by: black-desk <me@black-desk.cn>

README.md, after:

# Linglong

English / [中文](./README.zh_CN.md)

Linglong is the container application toolkit of deepin.

Linglong is the abbreviation of Linglong Tower,
which not only means that the container can control the application,
but also shows the idea
that the application/runtime/system is layered like a tower.

## Getting help

Any usage issues can ask for help via

- [Gitter](https://gitter.im/orgs/linuxdeepin/rooms)
- [IRC channel](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=deepin)
- [Forum](https://bbs.deepin.org)
- [Wiki](https://wiki.deepin.org/)

## Getting involved

We encourage you to report issues and contribute changes

[Contribution guide for developers][guide]

[guide]: https://github.com/linuxdeepin/developer-center/wiki/Contribution-Guidelines-for-Developers-en

Check [BUILD.md](./BUILD.md) for instructions for building linglong from source.

## License

This project is licensed under [LGPL-3.0-or-later](LICENSE).

## Credits and references

- [OStree](https://github.com/ostreedev/ostree)
